add secrets hook in precommit (#2992)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **run-unit-tests** failed running on items with `test_data`.
* Add the `--staged-only` flag to **pre-commit**.
* Fixed an issue where **pre-commit** ran on unchanged files.

> * Add the `--secrets` flag to **pre-commit** to run **secrets** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the ability to run **secrets** in **pre-commit** by passing a `--secrets` flag.
```
